README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Add database migration tool, migration, and README instructions

README.md, after:

### How to run

#### With Docker

1. Ensure Docker Desktop or Docker Engine is installed and running

2. Open a terminal in the project root

3. Verify Node.js and npm are installed with `node --version` and `npm --version` and install them if not

4. Install dependencies with `npm install` and wait for it to complete

5. Build and start the containers with `docker compose up --build` and wait for the database container to finish starting - there should be a log message like "server started"

6. Run the migrations with `npx node-pg-migrate --config-file pg-migrate-config.json up` - this should yield log output terminating in

    > Migrations complete!

Once the website container is running, the site should be visible at http://localhost:3000 (it will take a moment to compile on the first request).

#### Without Docker

It is possible to run the project without Docker by repeating the above steps, but running a local Postgres instance configured with the same username, password and database name as in `docker-compose.yml` and running `npm run dev` instead of `docker compose`.
